Proves the effectiveness of something.
People's intentions can be judged better by what they do than what they say.
To further a loss with mockery or indignity; to worsen an unfavourable situation.
A time when after which programmes for older audiences may be aired on TV.
Being rushed and having little time to complete something.
Something that happens early or before it is supposed to.
Awaiting an explanation.
Very expensive or costly. A large amount of money.
At any time of the day or night
Will happen soon.
The passing of one moment to the next.
Without any hesitation; instantly.
An approach that uses traditional ideas that have previously worked.
When an attempt fails and it's time to start all over.
Troublemaker or undesirable person in a group.
It is up to you to make the next decision or take the next step.
Looking in the wrong place. Accusing the wrong person.
Be happy when a person leaves.
Avoiding the main topic. Not speaking directly about the issue.
Do something quickly before it's too late.
Carrying and idea that's constantly in your thoughts.
Being old-fashioned.
Lots of desirable features.
Enjoying the advantage of two things simultaneously.
A good invention or innovation. A good idea or plan.
It is better to do something late than not at all.
Waiting for further developments before taking action or making decisions.
Influential person
Better to be satisfied with what you have than risk losing it by trying to get something better.
To take on a task that is way too big.
Badly bruised.
Take everything into consideration and over simply. Judge everything good or bad.
Very dark and hard to see.
Bruise around the eye.
Where goods are illegally bought and sold for profit.
Darken by turning off or dimming the lights. Lose consciousness.
Undesirable member of a group.
Exclude or ostracise someone socially. Reject someone.
Exclude someone.
Extort or take money from someone by threatening to use their secrets against them.
Something good that isn't recognised as such at first.
Pre-arranged social interaction between people who have never met.
Description of something with a deep red colour.
Something that requires a lot of effort and hard work.
Suddenly get very angry, perhaps over something unexpected.
A plan or project that suddenly fails.
From noble, aristocratic or wealthy family.
Working in a manual labour job.
Try hard to win an agreement but usually unsuccessful.
Superior quality or distinction. The best of a group.
Unexpected bad news.
Someone who reads a lot.
Born into a rich and affluent family.
A plan or project that fails.
Develop or think of new ideas.
Person that is the primary source of income for a family.
Earn a living.
When something is lucky or successful but undeserving.
Working hard with determination and full attention.
Pregnant.
To work late into the night, alluding to the time before electric lighting.
Flatter someone, usually because you want something from them.
Something happens of develops gradually or little by little.
Only just succeed.
Stop doing something for a while or until the next day (or night).
Deciding to end something.
Having string feelings for someone who cannot be yours.
Dependable source of income.
Thief who climbs into buildings.
When it is inconvenient.
Catch someone in the act of committing a crime or doing something they shouldn't.
Deciding to do something even though the chances of success are slim or unknown.
Try to achieve something that is very difficult, impossible or very desirable.
Spend a lot of time and energy but achieve nothing.
Tacky, silly, inauthentic or cheap.
Record the time of arrival and the time of departure.
A comment that is true and makes you uncomfortable.
Pay no attention to.
When something develops completely and reached maturity. When a child becomes an adult.
Spoil the person's chance of success.
Someone who copies the work of another.
When something is very expensive.
Lazy person who watches too much TV.
Complete a lot of work or a wide range of things.
Very early in the morning. The first moments of sunrise.
Deal with a problem if and when it becomes necessary, not before.
When an important decision needs to be made by.
Complain about a loss from the past.
Being Inquisitive can lead you into an unpleasant or dangerous situation.
When something is done quickly, and typically badly, to save money.
Doing something that will cause your own failure or downfall.
To succeed; to come up to expectations; adequate enough to compete or participate.
Getting to the point.
Part of a usual routine.
Expected to be in a role or to die soon.
Plan or event that has failed or is certain to fail and therefore not worth discussing.
Plan or project that has ceased to function and is not expected to re-activate.
People or things that are no longer useful or necessary.
Describing what a person really feels deep inside them
Do what is expected or required.
To present a counter argument.
Spend time in prison.
A very long period of time.
Don't make plans for something that might not happen.
You are not very good at something. You could definitely not do it professionally.
Don't make everything dependent on only one thing.
Social interaction that involves two couples.
When you are extremely desperate you need to take drastic actions.
Get no response from someone when you ask them a question or to have no answer yourself.
Stop attending school before it is time.
Thinking too much about something that happened in the past.
Enthusiastic and hard worker.
Very simple or easy.
Being so enthusiastic and passionate about something that you think about it all the time.
Studious and academic person.
Enough space to move or work in.
At the very last minute or just in time.
The show has come to an end. It's all over.
Be optimistic, even difficult times will lead to better days. Good can come from a bad situation.
Investigating or examining every option.
Tending to attract attention.
Start feeling love towards someone.
Very different from.
Feeling depressed or disconnected.
Feeling unwell.
When a feeling is very intense and exciting.
Supply missing words or information.
The opportunity is afforded to the first to arrive or present themselves.
Being the first one to make a start at something
Feeling uncomfortable in unfamiliar surroundings
Small but good start with the possibility of a bright future.
An action or state will continue into the future but is temporary.
From this time forward.
Occasionally or not very often.
Excited or very energetic and lively.
Very happy and full of energy.
To lose your job.
Putting a plan or idea into action.
Believe someone's statement, without proof.
Provide permission to proceed.
Fail completely.
Demonstrating talent and ability that will lead to success.
Young man idolised for a great skill, typically in sport.
Large sum of money given to someone when they retire from a company.
A very good opportunity that may never present itself again.
The alternative solution may seem better even if that isn't always the case.
Give someone money in order to persuade them to do something dishonest.
Ability to make plants grow or be good at gardening.
Extremely jealous or full of envy.
Unclear or undefined.
Continuing to do something in a very difficult situation.
Without sentiment or sympathy for anyone.
Something that is difficult or to suffer hardship.
Possessing a determination to achieve something.
Having unrealistic or impractical ideas.
Very much in love with someone.
Hear something through informal or unofficial means, like gossip.
Having good intentions, even if the results may not be impressive.
When desirable things, such as money or happiness, are temporary.
When something should have been done already and is overdue.
To become successful.
Begin studying hard.
Do or say something exactly right.
Act quickly and without thinking in reaction to an unexpected event.
Begin travelling or leave.
Go to bed.
Have responsibility for something or care about someone while others are away or out.
Someone that is trustworthy and honest.
Speak of a current issue which many people are talking about and which is usually disputed.
When someone really needs something – their last chance.
Everything will happen when it is supposed to or at the appropriate time.
Taking as long as you want to complete something or completing something at your own pace.
Be in disgrace or disfavour with someone.
Something that is assured or a guaranteed success.
In profit.
Something that happens very quickly.
Overwhelmed by what is happening in the moment.
Between two events or something that is temporary.
Over a period of time.
Just before it is too late.
In debt with your bank. To have a negative bank balance or to owe money to the bank.
When something happens fortuitously or when given an unexpected opportunity.
When something unlucky happens that would not normally have happened.
Have the same ideas and be in agreement with someone else.
Actions or communications need more than one person.
Strong impulse to travel or go somewhere.
Judge something primarily on appearance.
Join a popular trend or activity.
Keep something away or prevent something from happening.
Maintaining an outward show of prosperity or well-being while hiding your difficulties.
Being constantly aware of current developments.
Not knowing the secrets or truth.
Do something whilst waiting.
Accomplish two different things at the same time.
Overwhelming victory.
The final problem in a series of problems that leads to a bad thing happening.
Someone or something that is very funny.
Learn something by memorising it without thought to what is being learnt.
Memorise so well, that it can be written or recited without thinking.
Learn how to do a job or task properly.
New vehicle that has many faults.
Prove that you can afford something.
Leave a situation undisturbed, since it would otherwise result in trouble or complications.
Failing to obtain or retain a good opportunity.
Share information that was previously concealed.
Trying to regain confidence after a defeat.
Very fast.
Someone is stupid or lacking intelligence.
Happens at very regular times or intervals without fail.
Do something fast or energetic, as if it were the last opportunity to do so.
Being well organised in preparation for something.
Spending more than you can afford.
Living a lifestyle that saves or obscures you from real world issues.
Having very little income.
Far-reaching power of the authorities.
Not seen since long ago.
View an unpleasant situation in a positive light.
Start feeling love towards someone the first time you see them.
Making an excessive display of affection.
Tight feeling in the through because of an emotion like sadness, pride or gratitude.
Come to the point without superfluous or unnecessary details.
Something that makes me very happy or satisfies me.
Circumstances causing total success or total failure.
Be satisfactory or at an accepted level.
Find time to do something as a priority.
Something that makes you feel disgusted or nervous.
Attempting to succeed at something.
Completing something faster than expected.
Making progress in what you are trying to do.
Relationship that is likely to be happy and successful.
Despite one's approach seeming random, there actually is structure to it.
Happens very quickly.
Miss a chance or opportunity.
Mischievous or deceitful behaviour.
A very long period of time.
Anything that can go wrong will go wrong.
Will never happen.
The belief it is better to do something right away instead of waiting.
Start something right away, otherwise it won't be finished on time.
Not delaying in getting something done.
Doing something now or without delay.
Lacking intelligence.
Occasionally.
Something that should be done now or it will never be done.
Unwell.
Crazy; demented; out of one's mind; in a confused or befuddled state of mind; senile.
Something that is immediately successful or has begun well.
Person with a lot of experience in something.
Holding ideas that were popular and important in the past but which are no longer so.
When someone understands the situation well or is doing well.
Thinking or talking about something constantly.
Relationship experiencing problems.
Not being late or something happening at the expected time.
Happens very rarely or once in a lifetime.
Something that happened a long time ago.
The truth, answer or result, will be revealed at some future point.
Appear suddenly from nowhere and without warning.
No longer in debt.
No time left to do something or a set time has been reached.
Go out and have a really good time at a party.
Pass with a high score.
A way of asking what someone is thinking.
Visual presentations are far more descriptive than words.
A job, task or other activity that is easy or simple.
Very dark with zero or almost zero visibility.
A position that provides you all the success and happiness you want.
Propose marriage to someone.
Hypocritically criticise or accuse someone else is as guilty as the person criticising.
Being rushed or not having enough time to complete something.
Very proud
Terminate or discontinue something.
Deceive someone into thinking well of them.
Doing everything you can to make something happen.
Performing beyond your ability.
Temporary infatuation between young people.
Write down for confirmation or evidence.
Engage your mind and think in a serious manner.
Becoming very rich whilst starting very poor.
Raining very heavily.
Accept defeat and surrender to the other party.
Being very eager or enthusiastic about the idea.
Exhausting and repetitive routine.
Signal or indication that something is not working properly of correctly.
Unimportant matter that misleads and draws attention away.
New and exciting, creating much demand.
Embarrassed.
Set of rules and/or regulations that slow or stop progress.
Journey that leaves late in the night and arrives early in the morning.
Dangerous driver.
Greet a person with great respect and give them a big, warm welcome.
Being successful as something without difficulty.
Do something quickly or in a way that allow time for other things.
Learning through difficult experiences, as opposed to formal, classroom education.
Particular philosophy or way of thinking about something.
Very basic or foolish mistake.
Two or more people agree on something.
React with uncontrollable rage.
Persuade people to go against their best interests or to accept something unnecessary.
The expected duration of lifespan of something (typically food, drink or medicine).
Raising hands to vote about something.
Dismissed or told to leave.
Film industry
Line of people with one person standing behind another.
Fail or succeed.
Doing something with a lot of energy and enthusiasm.
Unable or unwilling choose or make a decision.
Not go to school when you should.
Person who has put money into a business or venture but who is not involved in running it.
Share of something, such as money, profits, etc.
A big success.
Having too much to do.
Something is certain to happen but it isn't known when exactly.
Pretending to dislike something you cannot have.
Suddenly disrupt something by introducing something unexpected or unwanted.
When the person you have just been talking about arrives.
Express a reaction without words.
Reveal a secret.
Maintaining your position
Something that lasts or continues to work well for a long time.
Take the credit for something someone else did.
Not showing emotions.
Exaggerate a problem.
From the authoritative source.
Not changed for a very long time, when everything else around has.
Accepting something humiliating or embarrassing.
Liking for sweet-tasting foods.
Deal with things as and when they happen.
Not to take what someone says too seriously. Be sceptical about something.
Something happens to you, or is done to you, that you have done to someone else.
Teacher's favourite student.
The top level of a profession
When an important decision is made or the truth about something is revealed.
A particular opportunity has passed and is no longer available.
The right or most opportune moment to do something.
Adjusting quickly to change and making fast decisions.
These or modern times.
Very pleased, thrilled or delighted about something.
Get married.
Do something repeatedly
When time passes quickly.
Stop what you are doing and start doing something else.
Feelings of hurt (usually emotional) will go away after some time has passed.
Time is a valuable commodity. Payment is needed before doing something.
When meeting a deadline is very important or critical.
A time when someone is enjoying themselves.
When you can afford to wait before doing or achieving something.
Difficulty in expressing yourself because of nervousness or embarrassment.
Too many people telling others what to do.
When someone doesn't have enough to do.
Most important person in a group.
Most important person.
Very determined person.
Clever or expert way of doing something.
Someone's actual character.
Reverse something or go back to a time in the past.
Daily life and work where you learn more than you would through formal education.
Something will never happen, no matter how hard or long you try for it to.
Something that ends before getting a result.
Waiting for an opportunity to take action.
Leave a partner and end the relationship.
Doing something with no purpose.
Unit of people or a group of things working well together.
Enjoying something thoroughly.
In a state of great fear or anxiety.
Officer worker.
Expensive item that's costly to maintain and not particularly useful.
Little or harmless lie told to be polite and avoid hurting someone's feelings.
Cover up or gloss over faults.
Everything. All of it.
When you are delighted and eager to go somewhere.
Imaginary prize for the last person in a race.
Works very well or as expected.
Would never like to do something.
Happens every year for many years in a row.
Coward
People used to doing things a certain way are often unable to change their ways.
Not knowing the answer.